there's a whole lot to get you today but
before we dive into the impeachment
proceedings I want to show you I'd like
to show a video that I think will give
you a good idea of how the president's
day went they exemplify the genius
talent and creativity of our exceptional
nation
[Music]
I want to hear that whole song but I
don't know Jen maybe we got to get it
move it a little bit he was trying to
give out honors for the National Medal
of Arts you're repeatedly got
interrupted by music that wasn't the
only time either and that was the best
thing that happened to him today on the
final day of public testimony in the
house Trump's former top adviser on
Russia a very sharp woman dr. Fiona Hill
sat down and laid absolute waste to both
the president and all the bootlickers
who made the unfortunate decision to do
his bidding today it was ninja level
witness jujitsu she directly called out
Republicans for spreading what she calls
the fictional narrative that suggests
Ukraine meddled in our election in 2016
because they didn't the Russians did she
went in hard on a number of subjects so
much so Republicans actually stopped
asking her questions they were just like
you know I think I'm gonna use this time
to hear from myself and they talked she
was so thorough Trump doesn't have to go
back for Phase two of his annual
physical has been checked
we also heard today from a gentleman
named David Holmes of the US Embassy in
Ukraine he's the guy who overheard Trump
on that phone call with Ambassador
Gordon Sunland and the reason he
overheard it is because the president's
volume knob was turned up to 11 that day
well ambassador silence phone was not on
speakerphone I could hear the
president's voice through the earpiece
of the phone the president's voice was
loud and recognizable an ambassador
Soglin held the phone away from his ear
for a period of time presumably because
of the loud volume well you know the
thing is is the human voice really
reverberates from inside a tanning bed
and it's but of course the president was
watching and weighed in on this erode
I've been watching people making phone
calls my entire life my hearing is and
has been great he never passes an
opportunity to brac never have I been
watching a person making a call which
was not on speakerphone and been able to
hear or understand a conversation I've
even tried but to no avail
try it live
all right well give us your phone number
we'll try it but this is a man who holds
press conferences in front of a running
helicopters I think you can hear him
over a phone receiver and if his best
defense against impeachment is I'm not
loud he's gonna be in prison by Tuesday
Holmes testified the reason he
remembered this call so clearly is he'd
never seen an ambassador speak to the
President of the United States on a cell
phone in a restaurant nor had he ever
heard of a president being so interested
in ASAP rocky master Stalin told the
president that the rapper was quote kind
of effed there and should have pled
guilty he recommended that the
president's quote wait until after the
sentencing or only make it worse and he
added that the president should let him
get sentenced play the racism card give
him a ticker tape when he comes home
ambassador song and further told the
president that Sweden quote should have
released him on your word but that you
can tell the Kardashians you tried we
finally learned who's running the
country that's Kanye's in-laws our
president cares more about the
Kardashians than the Ukrainians this by
the way the only one in the
administration who who wasn't involved
in this whole thing is ben Carson and
that's just because he's been asleep for
the last three years everybody know
about it but these Republicans don't
seem to care they're digging in they
have nowhere to go with this and the
animosity between the Republicans and
Democrats is at an all-time high
watching Adam Schiff and Devin Nunez
trade jabs during their opening
statements it's like divorced parents
giving their separate toasts at your
wedding it's uncomfortable and while
we've heard a lot this week the big
question we still don't have an answer
on is is Jim Jordan on methamphetamines
this Jim Jordan if he was a character in
a movie you got Stu much he's like he's
kind of like the Hulk but instead of a
big green monster he when he gets mad he
turns into a big white douchebag he's
this guy
it is Trump's number one quit drug bro
Republicans love him he doesn't seem to
own a coat but he does have a very
catchy way of making a point they do a
two-year forty million dollar 19 lawyer
unbelievable investigation and guess
what guess what
but guess what guess what guess what and
guess what I'm sorry is there a question
there
so just to recap now that we have the
whole story if you haven't been
following this this is what happened
Donald Trump wanted this thing about Joe
Biden's son to be like the 20/20 version
of Hillary's email so he said Rudy
Giuliani who knew some guys who knew
some other guys to go to Ukraine to dig
that dirt and plant those seeds then he
said his hotel buddy Gordon Sunland who
wasn't even involved with Ukraine he was
the ambassador to the EU
he told Sandlin to get together with
Rudy to put the screws to the new
Ukrainian president who desperately
needed us backing because he's at war
with the Russians so Trump knew he had
zalenski over a barrel and Ames
basically like a nice democracy you got
there shame if something were to happen
to it
so Giuliani and solemn let the
Ukrainians know that they had to
announce an investigation publicly into
the Biden's now they didn't actually
have to do the investigation that's how
much mr. crimefighter cares about
corruption they just had to announce it
so his trolls could paste that all over
Facebook and Fox News that was the plan
but there was a problem the Ambassador
to Ukraine Murray Ivanovich wasn't on
board with it so Giuliani and his goons
moved on her like a they they
basically fitted her career with cement
shoes and pulled her out of the country
which problem solved right well
unfortunately for them just when they
were about to get the goods just as
szalinski is about to give in and
announce this imaginary investigation
this whole story came out the whistle
blew so Trump quickly released the aide
he did takes a bogus message to Sandlin
saying I want no quid pro quo and they
all crossed their fingers and hope that
no one ever mentions it again and they
would have gotten away with it if it
weren't for the whistleblower and those
meddling Foreign Service officials so
that's
what happened okay and the question now
going forward for those those Congress
people who support him is are you a
Republican or are you an American and I
guess we're gonna find out but he seemed
hopefully the president continues to
claim that the call was perfect there
was nothing wrong but he's been watching
the hearings and it's pretty clear that
the testimony is starting to take a toll
I then heard president Trump ask so he's
going to do the investigation faster
song and replied that he's gonna do it I
think the president's delenn's key will
do anything you ask him to do carrying
these hearings live but maybe the most
lively moment came from all of them came
from c-span who filled the time between
testimony with calls from people
watching at home let's see if we can get
one more call and we'll go to Tom Monty
Monty are you there howdy I just want to
apologize first and foremost for all the
morons on the calls earlier especially
for a mess Alabama and all that secondly
I just want to same people have a great
day thanks money in
[Applause]
right now forever
good Longley do you watch the Democrats
debate last night no nobody did it was
the lowest rated debate of all five so
far Joe Biden didn't do himself any
favors in the two old Department he
referred to carol moseley-braun is the
only african-american woman elected to
the senate which came as a surprise to
Kamala Harris the female
african-american senator standing to his
left and this wasn't too good either no
man has a right to raise a hand to a
woman in anger other than in
self-defense and that's rarely ever
occurs and so we have to just change the
culture period and keep punching at it
and punching at it and touching it
that's the thing about your body he's
not afraid to say the wrong thing if you
liked that video click the subscribe
button but only if you're ready for
commitment